chore(docs): suggest using SSD on import pages (#1106)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/guides/importing-data.md

  This document describes how to load large CSV data using COPY SQL keyword.
---

:::caution

For partitioned tables, the best `COPY` performance can be achieved only on a

> machine with a local, physically attached SSD. If you're fine with 5-10x longer
> import times, you may use a network block storage, such as AWS EBS, but make
> sure to configure the maximum IOPS and throughput setting values for your
> volume.

Reviewer: Could we move this to line 25 so that we at least have some text before the warning?

```suggestion
machine with a local, physically attached SSD. It is possible to use a network block storage, such as AWS EBS to perform the operation, with the following impact:
- Users need to configure the maximum IOPS and throughput setting values for the volume.
- The required import time is likely to be 5-10x longer.
```

Author: Addressed in 8fc67f9d1e11365b74a7ad9fea0d32afe8ab4931
